Add empty search string case (#23280)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/startswith/index.md

### Return value

> **`true`** if the given characters are found at the beginning of the string, or if `searchString` is an empty string; otherwise, **`false`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`true`** if the given characters are found at the beginning of the string, including when `searchString` is an empty string; otherwise, **`false`**.
```

Using "or" suggests they are disjoint conditions.
